1. The input firewall is pessimistic and the output firewall is non-existent / optimistic. The input firewall is pessimistic as it considers incoming connections to be a threat to the computer, thus banning all incoming connections by default. The output firewall is optimistic because it considers outgoing connections to be harmless and thus allows all outgoing connections.
2. a. 1. The effects of the first section has been described.
      2. The second section creates a table called "mytable" under the IP address family and adds three chains: myinputchain, myoutputchain and myforwardchain that hook into input, output and forward stages, respectively. The three chains all have a priority of 1 and drop all packets for the IP address family.
      3. The third section adds two rules to myinputchain and myoutputchain respectively that allow any input packet with a source port of 53 over UDP and any output packet with a destination port of 53 over UDP. The allowed packets can have any source or destination IP address. These rules allow the use of the DNS protocol.
      4. The fourth section again adds two rules to myinputchain and myoutput chain respectively that allow input packets with a source port of 80 over TCP and output packets with a destination port of 80 over TCP. The allowed packets can have any source or destination IP address. These rules allow the use of the HTTP protocol.
   b. The primary behavior allowed by these rules is web browsing. If lines 10 and 11 are removed, domain names can't be resolved into IP addresses over the DNS protocol so no TCP connection can be established.
   c. If lines 15 and 16 are removed, the client can't establish TCP connection with the server at TCP port 80 as mandated in the HTTP protocol.
3. a. I need to make adjustment on both, allowing incoming connections on the router and to TCP port 80 on Windows XP.
   b. I just need to make adjustment either on Windows XP to prevent it from sending packets with certain protocols, or on the router to block forwarding of outgoing traffic using certain protocols, as the router by default bans all incoming connections.
4. The built-in switch can have 3 + 2 + 1 = 6 computer connections i.e., one connection between each pair of computers physically connected to the switch.
